# 2016.06.04
This is the 27th diary entry. There has been a lot of thinking recently. A lot
of good thinking. It feels like I am getting closer to the truth.

Yesterday I watched some talks about consciousness. After that I had some
interesting discussions about that. The point here is this. I think discussions
about consciousness are going to far. It sounds way to philosophically. Who
actually cares whether a machine is considered conscious when it is capable of
helping humanity raise further? Who cares whether it is conscious when nobody
can differ between a human and the machine? I don't think getting this line
drawn properly will help in any case. The same applies to Asimov's law of
robotics. I appreciate this kind of efforts and thoughts. Such things are the
reason why we are here and not somewhere else. Anyway, my point here is this.
There is nothing like a law that prevents things from happening, besides the
natural ones. These are the laws of nature, physics, chemics, etc.. You get the
picture. No special laws we can think of will help creating smart machines that
do not harm humans. If this would be possible, why are there no equvalent laws
for humans? Well, there are. The laws of our legal system. Such laws help
living together and create common sense of what is allowed and what not.
Nevertheless such laws are broken every day. I think smart machines, the more
they are like humans, will live with us together. We will share rules and laws
and common sense. There will be machines who break the law. No rules like these
of Mr. Asimov will prevent that. Important is how the machine grows up. The
same applies to us. When you are raised in darkness, light will be your enemy.
Thus there is no way around shining bright, together.

Back to the Anna project, the current network structure is obsolete, again. The
current idea is to have two networks. The `CoreNet` and the `KnowNet`. The
CoreNet executes CLGs. The KnowNet provides all knowledge learned. CLGs are
already known as basic behaviour. Knowledge is basically a collection of
structured information. From the beginning, we tried to find out how to connect
information with behaviour. As I see it, this is how consciousness is created.
By bringing information and behaviour together. Learning from experience and
forming a complex mind based on that. So this is what we will do now.

Talking about the knowledge network, its purpose is to connect peers. A peer
can be anything that is connected with something. The current idea is to
connect the following objects in the KnowNet.

- Input
- Expectation
- Impulse
- CLG
- Strategy

Technically spoken, this means these objects need to implement the peer
interface. How this looks like is to be defined.

Strategies as they exist need to be developed further. The thing is, at some
point they need to be permuted. We already have implementations of permutation
lists. Permutations for strategies are a little bit more complicated because of
their multidimensionality. There are three ways of permuting a strategy. The
first is permuting the arguments of the outer CLGs. The second is permuting the
CLGs currently used. The third is permuting the strategy structure, that is,
removing or adding CLGs to the strategy tree. This will be challenging.

I started to play around with the challenge definitions. This sucks a little
bit, because the current CLG collection structure is a little bit poor.
Creating the same mess for the challenge index feels wrong. To get finally
simething up and running and making Anna learn I should simply get the thing
done without further distractions. Means I need to live with some mess for now.
In case Anna operates on challenges, there will be enough time for refactoring.
Anyway I have no cool idea at the moment how to improve the current mess. What
I mean with this mess is that all CLGs (currently over 140) are implemented as
receiver methods on the CLG collection object. Thus the CLG collection object
grows to a ugly blob of a lot of methods. This is bad because it gets harder
and harder to change the structure and interfaces. When you touch one, you need
to touch all. There should be decoupled interfaces making CLGs distinct objects
that register to the collection somehow.

One cool thing is that I had talks with somebody who would like to integrate
Anna in his systems once she is able to do something. The idea is to teach Anna
how to operate a [Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) cluster
or something like that. Sounds pretty cool, but we are not there yet.

xh3b4sd
