# 2016.02.04
This is the 9th diary entry. Lots of things happened.

The recently introduced object factory was based on copying objects. This
turned out to be painfull and the setup was really ugly. It also did not work
in all cases and the program had some unpredictable side effects. Something
else was needed. The factory concept was cool though and I wanted to keep it. I
realized there is already something that abstracts communication and decouples
dependencies, the
[gateway](https://github.com/the-anna-project/annad/blob/43ecdc8c9ce05bb41c3f66bff4dde90a0552dc59/doc/concept/gateway.md)!
So I removed the multi state concept. Made the code cleaner. Made the state
concept work.

More logging was added for the core, the server and other places where it made
sense.

Because I am stupid I recently introduced a bug causing high CPU usage once the
program started. It was a for loop doing nothing but looping, so go took all
resources it got. Reason for this loop was that I needed a way to keep the main
goroutine open. I just fixed it by letting the server listener block forever,
instead of startin the server in a separate goroutine itself. Needless.

Another bug took place. I thought to have hash generation improved, but this
actually prevented the programm to exit because of orphaned go routines
blocking forever. This was still a little bit shallow. Did not investigate
further as soon as it worked again.

One cool thing was that I wrote more tests. Wh00p wh00p.

Also to note is the issues of unmarshaling interfaces. The state holds cores,
neurons, impulses and networks. This is defined to hold something that
implements the corresponding interfaces. The pure interface type cannot be
unmarshaled because interfaces describe functionality, not a structure. Go
cannot know what structure to use when there is just a hint of a interface
type. As soon as there is a real implementation of some interface, go can
lookup the underlying structure and unmarshal bytes into it. To check how it
works, see https://godoc.org/github.com/the-anna-project/annad/state.

Finally backup and restore functionality was implemented. When Anna is doing
things it creates state. On shutdown she dumps her state to the file system.
When she starts up again, she loads the dumped state and is back like nothing
happened. This means Anna's core, network and neurons can be kind of
persistent. No more forget about things.

xh3b4sd
