# 2016.07.12
This is the 30th diary entry. Simplicity strikes again.

Sorry for being late. I am doing a lot of conceptual work. There are days where
I feel I am stuck on a topic. Then there are days "everything" seems to be
crystal clear.

So simplicity it is. Not sure where, but I pointed out before that I have a new
CLG arhcitecture in mind. There is no concept of a "Collection", or "Strategy"
anymore that binds or consists of CLGs. There are simply CLGs. Each CLG
receives its own package. This means a lot of boilerplate code. Therefore I
wrote a CLG generator. It is a quick and dirty shortcut. Check it out here:
https://github.com/xh3b4sd/clggen.

Yeah, simplicity. Man, what am I thinking. Overthinking most of the time. This
is a good thing though. I am sure I shared this link before, but here again:
https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/0B-ehyYkjukxeNDVLdDUzY0R5MjQ. This
shows most of the conceptual work I visualized. Drawing pictures helps me a lot
to structure my mind.

You might get bored, but this is about simplicity. What was, and still is,
bugging me most of the time is the connection model. The question is, how
connections between CLGs are represented within the database.

A little bit of background before. Forget about all the networks, all the
neurons, all the code packages that have been there before. Just check this
one:
https://github.com/the-anna-project/annad/blob/c1ce611e7efeddbccdcc3c4d501106b71c0c045b/spec/network.go#L34.

Now my current thinking looks like this. There are peers that need to connect
as soon as it makes sense. When some action succeeded, the connections being
involved will be strengthened. When some action fails, the connections being
involved will be weakened. When some action is unknown, there are three ways to
go ahead.

- At first, the most important of the three options is to make use of some
  given bias, if any. Bias is some manually provided hint, intended to guide
  some connection path into a certain direction. Read more on on this in this
  issue: https://github.com/the-anna-project/annad/issues/44.
- Second, in case there is no bias or the bias does not seem to be helpful
  enough, intuition comes into play. Intuition is some sort of vague feeling
  that points into a certain direction. Drawing distantly related connections
  across multiple levels can gather information having far more value than
  dumb randomly generated connections.
- Third, if all options are going south, Anna can try out dumb randomly
  generated connections.

All this is supposed to be dynamic. Here as well, it is about a learning
process, to discover ways that help the most.

xh3b4sd
