# 2016.02.28
This is the 15th diary entry. I rebuild the core structure again.

To be precise. The rebuilding is not yet done. My mental model evolved further.
It is more clear how the core internals and the neural networks should look
like based on my current ideas and inspirations. I recently tried to stick to
the model of having neurons as own instances. This still should be the same,
but I noticed that following this idea docmatic only stands in the way of
getting something done. So the upcoming implementations will be more pragmatic.

State as it was implemented is gone. The idea of dumping state is still valid,
but the implementation was based on one huge state construct all objects used
to handle their state. Since objects tend to be very special in information
storage and handling, this made no sense anymore. We are now going with
http://redis.io/. It is stable, it is fast, it is feature rich. I am using
redis since years now and how it evolved and how it will evolve further is
promising.

As stated before each network needs to have its own strategy network. The same
probably not only applies to strategy creation, but for strategy evaluation,
stratey feedback processing and strategy execution. So there are a bunch of sub
networks within a higher level network. Further the following networks seem to
make sense somehow. Thus, based on current ideas and inspirations, the core
internal network structure would look like this.

```
//   1.    CoreNet
//           StratNet
//           PredNet
//           ExecNet
//           EvalNet
//
//   2.        JobNet                                 -|
//               StratNet    -|                        |
//               PredNet      |                        |
//               ExecNet      |- job net scope         |
//               EvalNet     -|                        |
//                                                     |
//   3.        CharNet                                -|
//               StratNet    -|                        |
//               PredNet      |                        |
//               ExecNet      |- char net scope        |
//               EvalNet     -|                        |
//                                                     |
//   4.        CtxNet                                 -|- core net scope
//               StratNet    -|                        |
//               PredNet      |                        |
//               ExecNet      |- ctx net scope         |
//               EvalNet     -|                        |
//                                                     |
//   5.        IdeaNet                                -|
//               StratNet    -|                        |
//               PredNet      |                        |
//               ExecNet      |- idea net scope        |
//               EvalNet     -|                        |
//                                                     |
//   6.        RespNet                                -|
//               StratNet    -|
//               PredNet      |
//               ExecNet      |- resp net scope
//               EvalNet     -|
```

At first there is one **core network**. The core until now was a special type
of something that groups networks. Since networks already were supposed to
group networks, this specialization makes no sense. Further the same sub
network needs apply to the core network. So lets make it simply a network.

The first sub network within the core network is the **job network**. This is
as already used for job registration and execution. The current implementation
already got rid of the old job network implementation. So this needs to be
created from a green field again.

As soon as jobs are registered and executed, information need to be collected
and processed. There comes the **character network** into play. It indexes
characters and words and connects them. Later connections can be triggered
externally. Then some teacher or operator can provide hints how certain
information can be connected. This guidance may be of interest for other
networks as well. Anyway, information will be collected up to a certain level
(in terms of relationship/nesting), and will be applied to the impulse.

Collected information will be filtered and processed within the **context
network**. This needs to be scoped based on time and information boundaries.
Deciding if information are related to recent inputs enables complex
information processing.

In case the context of the given input is clear, further processing can happen
in the **idea network**. Creativity, personality and ideas can influence given
information, and thus the output that is going to be created. Note that ideas
do not come out of nothing and probably cannot be created on demand. Background
processing and access to the worlds information are required.

Finally the **response network** creates a response on best effort based on
given information. To help creating responses, historical responses can be
used. All of this is still shallow. Lets see.

I know the post is already long, but there is obviously more. Each of the
described networks has its own sub networks as follows.

In the **strategy network** a strategy will be created based on the current
configuration. This is the list of actions a strategy should be made of. That
is, a strategy has a scope in terms of a network that requests strategies for its
own operations, and a context for what strategies need to be created for.

Next is the **prediction network**. Once there is a reasonable strategy found,
the pred of using and executing it needs to be analysed. It needs to be
decided, if the given strategy is worth using it, if it is likely to fail or
succeed, and what success looks like for the given problem.

If the strategy seems to be pred worthy, it can be executed. The **execution network**
is a special implementation for each network it requests strategy execution.

After execution the outcome needs to be analysed in the **evaluation network**.
E.g. when an error has occurred, the given strategy needs to be downvoted. A
more complex task is to upvote the score of a strategy in case it succeeds,
because the information if a strategy succeeds relies in the first place on the
reaction of the output we are going to send out. Here the decisions rely on
information based on inputs across requests. So the evaluation network needs to
track recent strategies and their effective outcome to evaluate success or
failure of strategies.

xh3b4sd
