# 2016.06.07
This is the 28th diary entry. I am in the process of fostering the ideas of the
new network design.

Everything needs to be dynamic. This guides me. Creating a network of
information that are connected to behaviour. The way of how information are
connected should be fully dynamic in a sense that it can affect and develop
itself. My main problem implementation wise is that information technology as
we know it right now is static and linear. Thoughts, ideas, the mind and all
the other things inside our heads are dynamic and multi dimensional. The
multiple dimensions make it hard to wrap a head around. There is a way though,
and I will find it. As a offtopic side note, only because I have it currently
in mind. There would happen way more awesome things in the world if not every
idiot would tell what you cannot do.

Anyway, I need to recap some plans I thought about the last days to further
foster the concepts and ideas.

1. The whole story starts as usual when a signal is passed through the gateway
   the core network is listening on.
2. The core network creates a job in the scheduler.
3. The core network transforms the received signal to an impulse.
4. The created impulse is triggered in the core network.
5. Based on the impulse's input, the knowledge network needs to find sufficient
   peers that are contextually connected to it.
  1. The given input is splitted up into features. [0]
  2. The created features are used to lookup peers within the knowledge
     network. [1] [2]
6. Create list of ordered strategies using the fetched peers.
  1. Configure strategy permutation lists with peers. [3]
  2. Order list by peer weights.
7. Execute created strategies.
8. Create completely new strategies based on empty permutation lists in case
   there are no strategies anymore.

So far so good. The mental model is there, but we have still a few unclear
things to sort out.

- [0] How are features created and stored?
  - At the beginning everything needs to be considered a feature.
  - Over time features can be refined and evaluated as being valuable.
  - There need to be a max length for complete new features. This max length
    should be a dynamic property which needs to be adjusted based on
    experience.
- [1] How many levels are involved in the lookup?
  - The number of relevant levels might depend on the peer. With respect to
    that lookups should be done. Further this property needs to be adjusted
    based on experience.
- [2] How does the peer lookup work?
  - How does the connection model work?
  - How does the interface look like?
  - How to make sure that connections are properly updated when operating on
    them?
  - How to hook into the connection model for e.g. creating ideas or
    inspiriations within the knowledge network by injecting certain
    connections?
- [3] How does the strategy permutation work?
  - How does the plain permutation work?
  - How many dimensions of permutation do we have?
  - How can we operate on strategies to target specific areas?
  - How can we add/remove/replace/update specific areas of a strategy tree?

That is it for now. There is a lot of cool stuff to come. Stay tuned.

xh3b4sd
