# 2016.09.28
This is the 33th diary entry. Electrical systems are not biological systems.

This might sounds obvious, but I start to more and more understand and even feel
that. Structures like they occur in nature cannot simply copied and build with
code. The current design of the neural network is still too complicated. It is
not clean. I now pursue an approach using a task system. I think this will give
more control over the communication processes within the neural network.

I made good progress implementation wise. The generated CLG implementations are
way smaller. This is due to the design change of actually executing a CLG's
calculation within the network package. This is cool because the design of the
neural network anyway implements a circular data flow around the network
package as core.

There is now the concept of an activator. The activator manages the activation
routines of all CLGs. For more documentation see
https://godoc.org/github.com/the-anna-project/annad/spec#Activator.

There is also the concept of a forwarder. Like the activator, the forwarder
manages all routines associated with every CLG. See also
https://godoc.org/github.com/the-anna-project/annad/spec#Forwarder for more information.

One of the next steps is to add an event tracker. The concept of the event
tracker is necessary to track ad record all kinds of connection patterns between
CLGs. Connection patterns can be described by combinations of behaviour IDs or
CLG names. Even mixes are possible. The network needs to decide what makes sense
at the end.

Separating the concepts described above into their own packages is way cleaner
than putting everything into the network package. The specific packages have
specific responibility. Coding is going to be more easy because the developer
can focus on the specific problem domain of the current package he is working
on. Stay tuned.

What else? Let me think. [Github introduced
projects](https://help.github.com/articles/tracking-the-progress-of-your-work-with-projects/).
These are handy. I organized issues in there grouped by topic. This helps having
an overview of what is currently worked on. I like it. The new pull request UI
is not that smart right now. Lets hope things will still change there in the
future.

Since there are more and more CLGs dealing with storage, keys being used to
represent data within the underlying storage need to be documented and tracked
somehow. There is a nice command to list all used keys in the whole project.
[Check the development cheat sheet for listing storage
keys](https://github.com/the-anna-project/annad/blob/master/doc/development/cheat_sheet.md#list-storage-keys).

Talking about storage, the memory implementation started to suck hairy balls.
Surprise. This was only a matter of time. Anyway. I found
https://github.com/alicebob/miniredis. This one is nice. It launches a server
and provides in memory implementations of a lot of redis commands. The memory
package of the storage implementation now redirects to the redis implementation
and injects miniredis under the hood. That means there is only one redis
implementation and the memory implementation only redirects commands. This makes
the memory implementation way more reliable and maintainable.

So, stay tuned. More is yet to come.

xh3b4sd
