# 2016.01.17
This is the 4th diary entry. I started defining the first interfaces for a
neural network. It is hard, because I started with wanting it to get right from
the beginning. In fact, what is actually right? Anyway, the project will evolve
over time. What I just fear, as always, is to make fatal conceptual decisions
now, that will come back later. While implementing I sometimes switch from
top-down to bottom-up and always get cool new ideas that are then kind of
distracting from real work.

There was the idea of `networks`. The network forms using `neurons`. Neurons
are connected via `connections`. `Impulses` are going through networks by being
propagated from neuron to neuron through their connections. It is currently
open what happens at the end with an impuls. This and other philosophical
questions like, "What does Anna drive actually?", need to be addressed later
on.

During conceptional work of the interfaces, I thought it would be cool to be
able to pause an impulse for debugging reasons. This idea of stopping something
living for a moment to be able to look inside is totally crazy, and it has
other sideeffects and purposes as documented in the interfaces. Here some
excerpt from the neuron interface.

```
	// Continue ends the idle state of the neuron caused by a call to Pause. It
	// is likely the way the neuron behaves after continuation changes
	// unpredictably. During the timespan between pausing and continuing, the
	// network, the neuron is interacting with, will probably have changed and
	// thus influence the way the neuron would have been behaving originally.
	Continue()
```

```
	// Pause stops the activity of an neuron to keep it in its current state.
	// This causes no further interaction to happen until Continue is called. It
	// is important to pause a neuron before capturing its state to ensure
	// reproducable snapshots.
	Pause()
```

Actually I just wanted to do proper snapshots of her mind. What got to my mind
here was, that this kind of switch can be used to totally modify Anna's
behaviour. This would rather be bad. It is likely to have different frequencies
of information updates. Like longterm and shortterm memory. Longterm memory is
then save from being unpredictably manipulated. For short term memory there is
no guarantee.

xh3b4sd
