# 2016.10.12
This is the 34th diary entry. Lets talk about test driven development (TDD),
after some background on why to talk about this now.

TDD basically says you write tests before the actual implementations. For the
fan boys under you, I don't really do that frequently. Most of the time it does
not make any sense to me to write tests first. Especially not when you have no
clue what you are actually doing, or better, knowing how to solve a certain
problem. I am currently dealing with a problem I can precisely describe and I
really need tests beforehand to actually know my implementation does the do.
This is what we are going to deal with now.

We recently introduced the task system like neural network architecture in which
each event is executed by one single worker. This is all cool and now we face a
new problem. So one network event is basically about activating, calculating and
forwarding signals of each and every [CLG](/doc/concept/clg.md). A CLG can only
activate and forward in case it knows why to activate and where to forward to.
Such information are learned over time. Unfortunately we cannot learn out of
thin air. Connections that are not there yet need to be created. One of the most
simple mechanisms to create new connections between CLGs is to create them
randomly. A lot of things go wrong in the first place when everything needs to
sort itself out randomly. Hence we need to learn. Learn based on experience.
Experience comes from observation. To be able to observe connections that work
we need to track them. Therefore we want to introduce the concept of a tracker.
This specific piece of code hooks into each network event and tracks the CLG
being executed at the moment and the connections to the CLGs currently
forwarding signals to the requested CLG. Tracking such connections is done using
a tree like structure to represent [connection
paths](/doc/concept/connection.md) that are formed by connected CLGs.

TODO

xh3b4sd
