# 2016.03.07
This is the 17th diary entry. It feels like I got the network structure kind of
right. Whatever that means. :D Check the preceding diary entry to see how it
looks like.

There was the idea of the job network. I discarded it, thought again about it,
and so on. Back and forth. Now there is a
[scheduler](https://godoc.org/github.com/the-anna-project/annad/scheduler) managing jobs.
This is used in the server middlewares, resulting in cleaner code there. Now
when receiving input a job is configured and sends a signal to the core network
over the text gateway. It is possible to provide the expected output along with
the input. In this case the job waits a bit and sends the same signal again,
until the expected result is received. That way some kind of automated training
can happen. If the software design decision of having the scheduler within the
middlewares was a good decision and if this will stay as it is will turn out.
Lets see. With all this, the automated testing and training went a big step
into the right direction.

In this iteration I fixed and extended the storage implementations. Added
tests. Got the thing right. Great. There is a memory implementation. With this
we can test the neural networks and everything will be good and shiny.

I added the
[goreportcard](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/the-anna-project/annad) badge.
There some things were visible that I just fixed. Lots of documentation stuff,
misspelling, code cleanup.

Testing is a big thing since the
[codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/the-anna-project/annad) support and the [chrome
browser
extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/codecov-extension/keefkhehidemnokodkdkejapdgfjmijf).
This is really fun. The numbers call to be optimized. Coverage is at about 80%.
Lets keep it that way.

Maybe I forgot to talk about it, but there were recently [pull request and issue templates](https://github.com/blog/2111-issue-and-pull-request-templates)
added to github. The Anna repository on github now has a template for pull
requests. I almost always forgot to squash commits before merging pull requests
before having thsese templates. Now there is a checklist when creating a PR.
This is pretty cool and helps a lot. Cool thing.

Another thing that happened was some restructuring of the object factory. In
the past there were all kind of objects created in the factory. This turned out
to be messy without providing any value. It was only work because there was a
lot of movement recently when new objects arose and old ones passed by. Now
there is only the impulse created. The factory is more clean now. The
initialization of networks, and there are a lot, simply happens in the main
file `anna.go`. This is also because I decided to inject the same networks we
necessary and not creating new ones over and over again. E.g. that means that
the pattern network is there ones and all other networks can use it. That way
the pattern network can profit of seeing all situations where pattern
recognition is required. Thus resulting in not being limited by the problem
scope of a specialized network that solves specialized problems. I think this
will be a good thing in the long run. Anyway, the factory is still a good
thing, nevertheless there is now only the impulse created. More is yet to come
I guess.

Further I was thinking about decoupling the networks, and there are a lot,
using the gateway. Sooner or later we will hit some hardware limit and software
needs to be scaled. Than when having the abstraction already in place we can
simply cut thing out to scale them. However, not yet, later. Opportunities
everywhere.

This post was rather long. I am enthusiastic and think this is going into the
right direction. A week ago I thought I have no idea what I am doing. It is
like the startup ups and downs.

xh3b4sd
