# 2016.03.10
This is the 18th diary entry. Cool things are happening. Opportunities
everywhere.

I checked more on natural language processing (the cool NLP). There is some
pretty boring stuff, but some awesome ideas smart people already had. I am glad
to be able to learn from that, for free. See
https://class.coursera.org/nlp/lecture for some videos.

It happened that I just for fun hacked a small stemming detection. I also found
a nice edit distance implementation and improved it for my purposes.

What I also thought about was how to get further from here. Now it comes to
data analysis. The question is how to store received input to be abe to analyse
it. Fast. Sufficient. To serve the purpose of real life problem solving. See my
thoughts on [character tree data structures](/doc/evaluation/character_tree.md)

A few days ago the first machine ever, named alphago, won the boardgame go over
one of the best players on earth. Since this was not surprising to me, what some
people are thinking proves my theories so far. The cool thing about alphago is
its philosophy and software design. Unfortunately I don't know the details, but
Demis Hassabis says what I have in mind as well. It is about learning. About
the very basics. AI is about making software dynamic and generic enough to
discover its environment and to come over their challenges as they arise. I
have this fundamentals in mind like he does. Please don't get me wrong. I don't
say I am smart as he is or the other way around. Stop being human here. It is
not about my ego, it is about my way. And here, reality proves me right, again.
The time we are living in is so amazing. I need to go further to make a
difference. Anyway, here is one of the articles about
[alphago](http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/10/11192774/demis-hassabis-interview-alphago-google-deepmind-ai).

I really think I will find a way to make AI work. Reason for this are my own
inner workings as I see and feel them. What is coming now is philosophical. The
past years made me realize I became more and more conscious about my
environment, my thoughts and how all this is constructed. All I do here is
discovering how my mind and thought creation works, and simply turning all this
into generic routines. These routines are in my head. It is like art. It is
already there. I only need to write it down.

xh3b4sd
