# 2016.08.06
This is the 31th diary entry. Sorry for being late again.

Looks like I can only manage to write the diary ones per month. So here is the
follow up on the connection model, which starts to makes sense now. For details
on it please consider the [connection model docs](/doc/concept/connection.md).

With the connection model there are bigger changes coming again to the code
base. The gateway package was removed, which is one of the oldest objects
within the codebase. I created a separate repo and a pull request. See here:
https://github.com/xh3b4sd/gateway/pull/1. Also the scheduler package is gone.
It felt not necessary to have this kind of job management at the moment. The
scheduler somehow stood in the way of a clean software design. Also the
implementation I had so far had race conditions. These have been detected by
`go test -race`. Maybe I will add some job management later on when it is
necessary in a more proper way. I removed the impulse package. This was
supposed to act like a container to transport important information through the
network. One better approach for this purpose though is golang's
[context](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/net/context) package. Due to the
nature of the connection model the HTTP API needs to be changed. I paved the
road roughly so far, but there is still work to do. E.g. the idea is to provide
a [gRPC](http://www.grpc.io) API to be able to stream inputs and outputs into
both directions. This is necessary because there can be multiple inputs without
requiring outputs, or the other way around. A streaming API will reflect that
more properly.

You see a lot of things happened. This is also why there are now a lot of
`TODO` comments within the code. Code is commented. Comments are outdated or
not fully correct. It will take some time to get this straight again.

The next things to do is to make the connection model work. Then implement the
gRPC API. Also moving all CLGs to the new design, so they can be generated as
pointed out in the post before.

xh3b4sd
