# 2016.04.14
This is the 23th diary entry. Actually some real work was done again.

In the last days I worked on adding CLGs. There are already about 80. This
number is expected to grow even further. Lots of basic methods are provided.
Like basic math and string operations. The more sophisticated ones still need
to come, as well as all kinds of converting functionality. So Anna will be
able to convert data if needed, e.g. float64s to strings. The CLG concept feels
very powerful. It is a shit load of work to implement and test them, but I am
doing good at the moment. The last PR had about 6000 changes. 5000 of these
were additions. The coverage of the clg package is nearly 100%.

Currently we are using https://codecov.io/ for test coverage reports. This
service is pretty nice. Unfortunately the last days was rather bad in terms of
service quality. There are often several issues and the reports are flapping.
Sometimes it states coverage is higher. Sometimes it is lower. Weird. I checked
https://coveralls.io/ but after 2 hours setup I stopped without getting data
uploaded. Don't know where the problem is. At some point I stopped to care. I
will simply stress the codecov folks to get the issues fixed.

One cool thing was my current whiteboard solution. I have no whiteboard. I have
some sticky whiteboard foil on my desk. That is pretty cool. You simply write
on the table. Very happy with this approach.

There happened some brainstorming in all kinds of directions. The question is
sometimes: How to go further?. I am still struggling with this unknown bytes
problem I stated some months before. Right, months. The project is already like
4 months old. Crazy. Anyway, lets recap. This is what machines see.

```
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
```

Simply a stream of bytes that means nothing. It is like me looking and persian
language. I see bytes, but I have no clue what they mean. I don't even know
where a word starts and ends. There needs to be some trick to detect patterns.
Here I thought it maybe helps to draw a picture by repeating a sequence over
and over again. Lets spoil the part. It does not help.

```
the roof the cat sits on top
f the roof the cat sits on t
 of the roof the cat sits on
op of the roof the cat sits
 top of the roof the cat sit
on top of the roof the cat s
s on top of the roof the cat
its on top of the roof the c
 sits on top of the roof the
at sits on top of the roof t
 cat sits on top of the roof
he cat sits on top of the ro
 the cat sits on top of the
of the cat sits on top of th
roof the cat sits on top of
e roof the cat sits on top o
```

The problem is that the sequence as it is, with all its sub-sequences, is
repeated over and over again. This only causes even more unknown and
meaningless bytes to appear. The approach keeps being detect-and-learn trial
and error cycles.

xh3b4sd
