# 2016.05.05
This is the 24th diary entry. A lot happened, but I missed to write the diary
more regularely.

Recently there was an AI meetup in cologne. It was kind of interesting. Not
surprising though, but nice anyway. Talking with people of the machine learning
area is cool, but sometimes exhausting.

I did a lot of good improvements on documentation. E.g. the [risk
documentation](/doc/risk/) was extended with thoughts I currently have. Also
the [anna documentation](/doc/concept/anna.md) for giving a general overview of
the idea behind Anna is now a lot more helpful and cleaner.

More CLGs. More more more. Nearly 140 CLGs are now implemented. This is
amazing, but more is yet to come. Sky is not the limit. It is time. The basics
are there now. More sophisticated CLGs are still required. Things concerning
the file system, network and time. Anna needs to be able to make basic use of
executing commands on the OS level, knowing and operating on time, making
requests, creating files, and more.

One cool thing I worked on was the presentation of Anna. Now there is a domain:
https://anna.earth. I like the `.earth` TLD. I see it as a location identifier.
Maybe one day there will be `anna.mars`. The landingpage currently simply shows
the logo that links to the github repository. Getting the landingpage and
everything around done was not a whole day work, thanks to github pages.
Registering a domain for about 35€ was a deal that catched me. Setting up
mailgun and cloudflare was easy as well. Th emost time I spent with getting the
HTML of the landingpage beautiful. Husteling with SVG files is a pain. You can
do a lot of cool stuff, but when you don't kno how, it takes so damn much time.
So be it. The result is really good and a lot of people really like it,
including me.

Currently I am working on the CLG profile creation. A CLG profile is necessary
for Anna to know how a CLG looks like and with which CLG it can be combined.
One issue I was struggeling with was source code embadding. One could argue
this is a no brainer and there are already a lot of tools out there doing
exactly that. This is right, but the tools are really not good enough. I was
simply pissed when I realized that the code go-bindata generates is neither
`golint` friendly nor `gofmt`ed. Looking at the code I got sick of this shit.
Other tools were shitty as well, e.g. because they are limited to load only
`.json` and `.yaml` assets. Other were simply broken and not usable at all. I
was so done with that. I did it myself. Thus I created
https://github.com/xh3b4sd/loader. Anyway, here is why we need to embed assets
into the compiled binary. The CLG profiles need to provide information of the
version of a given CLG. The idea was to create a hash of the implemented CLG
function. The [reflect](https://golang.org/pkg/reflect) package does not
provide a way to gather information of the source code in that sense. I need to
have access to the source code. Thus the CLG collection needs to be available
at runtime.

The next time is going to be exciting. As soon as the CLG profile creation is
basically done, Anna will do the first things autonomously. This is the next
goal. Making Anna able to create CLG profiles and letting her calculate and
process in this direction. For this there needs to be instrumentation and
inspection tools. Metrics, logging, profiling. A lot of work is waiting for me.
Once Anna is generating CLG profiles, I can go ahead to work on other things
that help improving her.

xh3b4sd
