# 2016.01.24
This is the 7th diary entry. Another overhauling happened.

I introduced a `spec` directory to decouple dependencies. All interfaces are
defined there.  This causes the dependency graph to be more clean.

For now I dropped the idea of having connection objects between neurons. It
turned out to stand in the way of getting something done. Dealing with this
idea was only a pain. Even though I still fancy the idea somehow without knowing
for what it is good for. Maybe we can make use of this idea later. Lets see.

There is now only one core, only one network, and multiple neuron
implementations. It was possible to relatively easily implement a basic task
system using the current design. Incoming requests register a new job neuron.
This causes other neurons to do their magic and just returns the job ID. Then
one can call for the job ID until an actual response for that job can be
provided. Because of this two step API, the next thing to do is to write a
client. I will call it `annactl`. This `ctl` thingy is heavily used by the cool
kids in the scene and I am fine with that.

I also managed to write tests for the gateway. Besides of the `id` package
dependency the gateway can be fully separated. The idea and implementation of
it is super cool and can be used to decouple components.

Meanwhile I was sick of the project structure. One weird thing was the strange
URL for the public godoc. Because the source code was within the folder
`github.com/xh3b4sd/anna`, the URL of the godoc was
`https://godoc.org/github.com/xh3b4sd/anna/src/github.com/xh3b4sd/anna`. This
sucked. Now, with some more magic within the `Makefile`, the source code is
right in the project root directory as it should be, and the godoc URL is
`https://godoc.org/github.com/xh3b4sd/anna` as expected.

xh3b4sd
